# Lesson 05 Assignment - Mashups & Microservices

### Constructing a Request to the Pig Latinizer
You'll be using the requests library to send a quote to the Pig Latinizer. Try submitting the form at the pig latin site and analyzing the network traffic, as demonstrated in the video. You'll need to answer a few questions when analyzing the request:

1: What URL is the form submission request going to?

2: What is the method of the form submission request? You may not yet have seen in class an example of generating this type of request using the requests library: you may have to find an example on the internet.

3: How is the text of the form submission sent in the request? You may have to look up an example of sending form data using the requests library.

**HERE'S ONE POTENTIALLY CONFUSING/IMPORTANT BIT:** the response that's generated by the pig latinizer includes a redirect. So:

When you are analyzing the requests in the Chrome network inspector, you will have to turn on "preserve logs". This will ensure that you see the initial request as well as the resulting redirect.
By default, the requests library will follow this redirect. But allowing the library to follow redirects will make your assignment harder. I recommend researching and using the `allow_redirects=false` keyword argument option when you send your request to the Pig Latinizer.

### Analyzing the Response from the Pig Latinizer
Unlike the fact that we scrape from unkno.com, the link that we're trying to retrieve from the Pig Latinizer response is not in the body of the response. Instead, it's in the headers. You'll have to research how to retrieve the headers from a requests library response.

Instead of starting right away at the main.py, you might choose to play around with the requests library in an interpreter window! Try generating an appropriate Pig Latinizer request with a text payload and the `allow_redirects=false` option, capturing the response, and exploring the headers of that response.

### Completing Your Assignment
Do your work in your fork of the repository.
When you're done, push your work to your fork.
Also, deploy your work to Heroku: `heroku create; git push heroku master`
Submit a link to your Heroku instance.
Please also archive your work into a zip file and submit it as well.
If you have problems getting Heroku to work, then submit a link to your repository instead.
